now these were the sons of David who
were born to him in hebron the firstborn
was unknown by a he know'm the Jezreel
itís the second Daniel by Abigail the
car mellitus preferred Absalom the son
of merica the daughter of tell my king
of Giza the fourth add an idea the son
of hagath the fifth chef attire by a
baton the six Ephriam by his wife Edler
these six were born to him in Hebron
there he reigned seven years and six
months and in Jerusalem he reigned 33
years and these were born to him in
Jerusalem
shamea show bad Nathan and Solomon for
by bath Shura the daughter of a Mia also
there were if ha Alicia mer eliphalet
Noga nafech Sofia
Alicia mer Elida and a little--it 9 in
all these were all the sons of David
besides the sons of the concubines and
tamer their sister Solomon son was
rehabbing Abijah was his son ASA his son
Jehoshaphat his son jerem his son a
huzzah his son jerash his son Amaziah
his son
Azariah his son Jotham his son a has his
son hezekiah his son Manasseh his son
Amnon his son and Josiah his son
the sons of Josiah were Johanna the
firstborn the second Jehoiakim the third
Zedekiah
and the fourth Shallon the sons of
Jehoiakim were jack and i his son and
Zedekiah his son and the sons of jacob
isla were Azza she LTL his son and mal
Kyurem Padilla she nazar Jack Amaya
Hashima and Neda by the sons of padilla
worser ababil and shamea the sons of
zerubabbel Wilma Shalom Hananiah Shalom
if their sister and her Shuba oh hell
barek aya Hassad ayah and Jew shot he
said five in all the sons of Hananiah
were pellet aya and Josiah
the sons of raffia the sons of Armand
the sons of Obadiah and the sons of shek
Anaya
the son of shagging aya was she mayor
the sons of shamea were hat of idol
pariah Nia Raya and Schaffer six in all
the sons of Nia Raya were le ona
Hezekiah and Ezra cam 3 the sons of le o
ni were who desire a liar ship pelea a
coupe Johannine de lair and an inner
seven in all
[Music]
you